hey what do you hear what'd he say my
Facebook YouTube and Twitter friends
working class zero back to reality baby
just came back from the carwash had to
wash the car because I was gone for six
weeks and obviously the kids used it a
beer bottle over here a tampon wrapper
over here the gas gauges on Eve that's
all right the donkey took care of all
family business today even a Mexicans a
smart I hired two guys to cut the grass
I come home I feel like I'm I know honey
i shrunk the kids did the freaking grass
update even a mexicans now they learn
quick in this country yo the loop all
right I got it
leave that then I start the lawn my
other things make it small but the but
the the string that you pull that's left
I said you know what I got this thing
eight years I got two years I get
another like oh this is they're all out
of lawn mower everybody everybody's
cutting their own grants all of a sudden
yeah that's all these past six weeks I'm
making a movie with Kevin JMU and I was
smoking cigars meet Kevin night in Steve
Wynn's personal chef and today and it
just like thought I was down it pulls me
back in the night then not the back to
reality night is all making it a yeah
the garbage is piling up the cat shit is
piling up they don't care because they
knew the donkey had a red eyes I figure
I held on he'll do I can't take it
anymore tomorrow I go back in a school
bus like at 94 degrees with the humidity
with the smelly kids II think I you do
you realize the emotional rollercoaster
I'm going through do you feel my pain
that's all right i easy come easy go
that's more anybody else can see that's
coming for 14 more Copco will change
everything I hope